### This is an announcement from the Interstellar Security Council
Your ship will soon enter an area where people have been seen before.
We understand that there are speeches and myths of this kind. It is true that people are extremely dangerous,
but we believe the best way to deal with them is to be aware of the facts.
The human world, unlike other known planets, builds on the principle they call "Survival of the Strongest"
For billions of years, since the first appearance of life, their world
not co-operative but brutal, violent competition.
People are driven by three things:
First, people grow, recover, and feed on eating and digesting other forms of life,
including macroscopic life and, in many cases, forms of life capable of reaction and fear.
Their food input includes exoskeletal protrusions designed to crush, cut and tear almost every
organic material.
One once ate a flying machine.
People are symbiotic creatures. About 2% of their mass is the organisms they help
their digestion, but which would kill them if they got to other parts of theirs
internal structure. People, everything they make, and everything on theirs
planet, is covered by an unpredictable amount of these creatures, and only one
has ended catastrophically in some of our worlds.
Unlike most species, human sensory organs are adapted to a wide range of terrestrial environments.
They can identify threats and prey by detecting atmospheric vibrations,
using some electromagnetic frequencies, and chemical detection. Surprisingly they are immune
to all magnetic fields, except the most powerful,
and all known hang-type type attacks.
People are able to perform many tasks at once. Many of them are able to operate
automatically without thinking of their central mind.
Most people are able to concentrate on more than one complicated task at a time.
They do not need to pause and think between actions,
or to think about their further movement in a physical battle.
They can control objects with incredible speed and accuracy by letting their bodies do it.
Part of human recreation is physical violence, mental competition, targeted disruption
their thought processes, and in some cases, deliberate entry into the potential
deadly situations.
People have weaknesses.
The second thing they can not live with is oxygen.
Highly flammable, highly corrosive, oxygen.
Because of this they are able to live only on a limited number of terrestrial environments.
They are also extremely prone to ionizing radiation, gravitational forces, and temperature changes.
Therefore, their space travel requires great, complicated and fragile support for life.
That's their weakness, and the right time to attack.
Once they land on the planet with oxygen, it's theirs, and they win.
And they win, because their most frightening capacity is self-deception.
People are not rational creatures. They have no inborn understanding of statistics and probabilities.
If they had, their history would be very different.
More meaningful ways of space travel would follow than the insertion of their oxygen
bodies into pressurized metal cans, and firing themselves from the surface of their planet.
People are irrational, disorganized, opposed, and sometimes self-defeating. They act against the interests of one another,
and competes in malicious and brutal ways with limited resources.
Instead of doing as one, they make complicated tribes fighting each other.
But people also have enormous capacity for desires, kinship, compassion,
and ridiculous tolerance of adversity.
Because of this, they are very dangerous and probably occupy a significant part
galaxy in a very short time.
Avoid them, if at all possible.
Radek Golan - Rough Translations Lukáš Flídr - Fine Tuning / AK - Spelling